SC reorg & expand: data, tooling, config (#692)
multiversx/mx-docs: docs/developers/meta/sc-config.md

---

[comment]: # (mx-context-auto)

## Single contract configuration

[comment]: # (mx-context-auto)

### Specification

Assume we want to build a single contract from the project, encompassing all of the available functionality. Let's look at all the ways in which we can configure it:

```toml
[settings]
main = "main"

[contracts.main]
name = "my-contract"
add-unlabelled = true
panic-message = true
ei = "1.3"
allocator = "leaking"
stack-size = "3 pages"
features = ["example_feature_1", "example_feature_2"]
kill-legacy-callback = true
```

The settings are as follows:
- `panic-message`
    - “Panic with message” is a feature very useful for debugging. It displays messages from regular Rust panics in a contract, at the cost of ~1.5kB of additional contract size. It is disabled by default, we advise against using it in production.
    - _values_: `true` | `false
    - _default_: `false`
- `ei`
    - Configures the post-processor that checks the environment interface (EI) used by the built smart contract.
    - The post-processor currently only emits a warning, but this might become a hard error in the future.
    - _values_:

>         - `"1.3"` - the EI version that comes with VM 1.5, coming to mainnet in September 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `"1.3"` - the EI version that comes with VM 1.5; check [release notes](https://multiversx.com/releases) for currently running VM version
```

>         - `"1.2"` - the EI version that comes with VM 1.4, currently available on mainnet 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `"1.2"` - the EI version that comes with VM 1.4; check [release notes](https://multiversx.com/releases) for currently running VM version 
```

        - `"1.1"` - older version of the EI, here for historical reasons
        - `"1.0"` - older version of the EI, here for historical reasons
    - _default_: `"1.2"`
- `allocator`
    - Read about it in more detail [here](/developers/meta/sc-allocator).
    - In short: configures the heap memory allocator to be used inside the compiled contract. 
    - _values_:
        - `"fail"` - execution crashes when any allocation is attempted;
        - `"leaking"` - requests pages, allocates in them, but never frees up memory on the heap;
        - `"static64k"` - pre-allocated static 2-page buffer is used for the heap;
        - `"wee_alloc"` - the `wee_alloc` allocator is used, which must be imported separately to the wasm crate.
    - _default_: `"fail"`
- `stack-size`

>     - Allows adjusting the amount of memory set aside for the stack, in a WebAssembly contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Allows adjusting the amount of memory allocated for the stack, in a WebAssembly contract.
```
